Feature/cross ide cmake presets (#175)
cpp-best-practices/cpp_starter_project: README.md

    cmake -S . -B ./build

Cmake will automatically create the `./build` folder if it does not exist, and it wil configure the project.

> However, if you have CMake version 3.21+ it is recomended to use one of the presets that are listed in the CmakePresets.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you have CMake version 3.21+ it is recommended to use one of the presets that are listed in the CmakePresets.json file.
```

Cmake will automatically create the `./build` folder if it does not exist, and it wil configure the project.

> However, if you have CMake version 3.21+ it is recommended to use one of the configuration presets that are listed in the CmakePresets.json file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, if you have CMake version 3.21+, you can use one of the configuration presets that are listed in the CmakePresets.json file.
```

>     cmake . --preset <configure-preset>
> 	cmake --build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    cmake . --preset <configure-preset>
    cmake --build
```

## Docker Instructions

If you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed, you can run this
in your terminal, when the Dockerfile is inside the .devconatiner directory:

```bash
cd .devcontainer/
```

```bash
docker build --tag=my_project:latest .
docker run -it my_project:latest

> ```

Reviewer 2: Instead of cd you can specify the docker file name.
```bash
docker build -f ./.devcontainer/Dockerfile --tag=my_project:latest .
docker run -it my_project:latest
```

Author: yhep I will change that!

This command will put you in a `bash` session in a Ubuntu 20.04 Docker container,
with all of the tools listed in the [Dependencies](#dependencies) section already installed.

> Additionally, you will have `g++-11` and `clang++-12` installed as the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you will have `g++-11` and `clang++-13` installed as the default
```

/starter_project# cmake --build ./build
```

> You can configure and build using `clang-12`, without rebuilding the container,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure and build using `clang-13`, without rebuilding the container,
```
